Timeline Sceneario1
DPS First

Initiate
Brute Justice readies Judgment Nisi

First Debuff
Counter = 1
Debuff = Beta

Aiz Yaiba suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi α.
You suffer the effect of Final Decree Nisi β.
Akemi Komatsu suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi γ.
Ostromir Liorasch suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi δ.

Pass1
Counter = 1
Debuff = none

Fen Nekin suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi α.
Neige Aile suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi β.
Dryads Celine suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi γ.
Miyuki Miyatsuki suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi δ.
You recovers from the effect of Final Decree Nisi

Pass2
Counter = 2
Debuff = Beta

Aiz Yaiba suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi α.
You suffer the effect of Final Decree Nisi β.
Akemi Komatsu suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi γ.
Ostromir Liorasch suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi δ.

Verdict Casted

Random Final Judgement

You suffer the effect of Final Judgment: Decree Nisi α.
Aiz Yaiba suffers the effect of Final Judgment: Decree Nisi γ.
Akemi Komatsu suffers the effect of Final Judgment: Decree Nisi δ.
Ostromir Liorasch suffers the effect of Final Judgment: Decree Nisi β.
Fen Nekin suffers the effect of Final Judgment: Decree Nisi γ.
Neige Aile suffers the effect of Final Judgment: Decree Nisi δ.
Miyuki Miyatsuki suffers the effect of Final Judgment: Decree Nisi α.
Dryads Celine suffers the effect of Final Judgment: Decree Nisi β.

>>>> ACT Should call "Send Beta to Dryads Celine"

Pass3
Counter = 2
Debuff = none

Fen Nekin suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi γ.
Neige Aile suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi δ.
Miyuki Miyatsuki suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi α.
Dryads Celine suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi β.
You recovers from the effect of Final Decree Nisi

Pass4
Counter = 3

>>>> ACT Should call "Stack with Alpha Miyuki Miyatsuki"

You suffer the effect of Final Decree Nisi α.
Aiz Yaiba suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi γ.
Akemi Komatsu suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi δ.
Ostromir Liorasch suffers the effect of Final Decree Nisi β.

GG EZ
